invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Sac	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Ncharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Terpene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Sacketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Saccharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Polykaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polykaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Ri	Other
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polykaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Npene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Sac	Other
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Sacketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Npene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Terpene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Othercharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Npene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: RiRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Terpene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Npene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: OtherRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Saccharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Riketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polykaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Sacketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Richaride	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Ncharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polypene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polykaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Sacketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Ncharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Ncharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Othercharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Poly	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Nkaloid	Alkaloid
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: RiPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Other	Other
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Terpene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NPP	RiPP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Riketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Npene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: PolyRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polycharide	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: NRP	NRP
invalid2validSMILE: Richaride	Saccharide
invalid2validSMILE: Terpene	Terpene
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: N	Other
invalid2validSMILE: Nketide	Polyketide
invalid2validSMILE: Polyketide	Polyketide
